README.md, before:

<p align="center">
	<h1>CSStats+</h1>
</p>

CSStats Plus is web extension that aims to enhance the user experience on the CSStats platform by providing better UI/UX features and additional functionalities.

<a href="https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/csstats-plus/koackgklhpaahkbncajeieppmfnelkeh?authuser=0&hl=fr" 
	target="_blank">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/v/koackgklhpaahkbncajeieppmfnelkeh?style=for-the-badge" />
</a>

## Features

### Player Profile Page Enhancements

On the player profile page, CSStats Plus adds the following features:

Less cluttered ranks display:
- You can see previous Premier ranks by navigating through them with arrows.  
- Community Maps ranks are shown separately.
- You can click on any ranks to filter player's data by that rank type / maps in competitive mode.

Kill/Death and HLTV donuts charts:
- Improved visualization of both charts, making it easier to understand player performance.
- If a player has very high K/D or HLTV rating, the charts will turn orange to indicate irregular values.

Match history enhancements:  
- You can now click on a match to directly access the match page on CSStats.

Most played/success maps improvements:
- All data is shown rather than just top 5 maps.
- Maps are now displayed with their full names instead of filenames.
- Data is properly sorted
- Map icons are displayed next to map names for better visual identification.
- You can now see both amount of matches played/won and the corresponding percentages.

### Player Profile - Matches Tab Enhancements

The Matches tab on the player profile page has been enhanced with the following features:

- Competitive, Wingman and FACEIT ranks are now displayed using SVG images for better quality and scalability.
- Competitive and Wingman ranks now display the rank the player upped or downed to, instead of the final rank after the match.
- Map names are now displayed in full instead of using the map filenames, improving readability.
- Map icons are in SVG format when available, ensuring better visual quality.

## Before and After comparison

### Player profile page

| ![Before - Player Profile](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Juknum/csstats-plus/refs/heads/main/media/screenshots/player-before.png) | ![After - Player Profile](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Juknum/csstats-plus/refs/heads/main/media/screenshots/player-after.png) |
|:--------:|:-------:|
| Before | After |

### Player profile - Matches tab

| ![Before - Player Profile](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Juknum/csstats-plus/refs/heads/main/media/screenshots/player-matches-before.png) | ![After - Player Profile](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Juknum/csstats-plus/refs/heads/main/media/screenshots/player-matches-after.png) |
|:--------:|:-------:|
| Before | After |

Commit message:

feat: add maps tab features back

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
	<h1>CSStats+</h1>
</p>

CSStats Plus is web extension that aims to enhance the user experience on the CSStats platform by providing better UI/UX features and additional functionalities.

<a href="https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/csstats-plus/koackgklhpaahkbncajeieppmfnelkeh?authuser=0&hl=fr" 
	target="_blank">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/v/koackgklhpaahkbncajeieppmfnelkeh?style=for-the-badge" />
</a>

## Features

### Player Profile Page Enhancements

On the player profile page, CSStats Plus adds the following features:

Less cluttered ranks display:
- You can see previous Premier ranks by navigating through them with arrows.  
- Community Maps ranks are shown separately.
- You can click on any ranks to filter player's data by that rank type / maps in competitive mode.

Kill/Death and HLTV donuts charts:
- Improved visualization of both charts, making it easier to understand player performance.
- If a player has very high K/D or HLTV rating, the charts will turn orange to indicate irregular values.

Match history enhancements:  
- You can now click on a match to directly access the match page on CSStats.

Most played/success maps improvements:
- All data is shown rather than just top 5 maps.
- Maps are now displayed with their full names instead of filenames.
- Data is properly sorted
- Map icons are displayed next to map names for better visual identification.
- You can now see both amount of matches played/won and the corresponding percentages.

### Player Profile - Maps Tab Enhancements

- Made the maps icons bigger and use SVG format when available for better quality.
- Map names are now displayed in full instead of using the map filenames, improving readability.

### Player Profile - Matches Tab Enhancements

The Matches tab on the player profile page has been enhanced with the following features:

- Competitive, Wingman and FACEIT ranks are now displayed using SVG images for better quality and scalability.
- Competitive and Wingman ranks now display the rank the player upped or downed to, instead of the final rank after the match.
- Map names are now displayed in full instead of using the map filenames, improving readability.
- Map icons are in SVG format when available, ensuring better visual quality.

## Before and After comparison

### Player profile page

| ![Before - Player Profile](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Juknum/csstats-plus/refs/heads/main/media/screenshots/player-before.png) | ![After - Player Profile](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Juknum/csstats-plus/refs/heads/main/media/screenshots/player-after.png) |
|:--------:|:-------:|
| Before | After |

### Player profile - Maps tab

| ![Before - Player Profile](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Juknum/csstats-plus/refs/heads/main/media/screenshots/player-maps-before.png) | ![After - Player Profile](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Juknum/csstats-plus/refs/heads/main/media/screenshots/player-maps-after.png) |
|:--------:|:-------:|
| Before | After |

### Player profile - Matches tab

| ![Before - Player Profile](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Juknum/csstats-plus/refs/heads/main/media/screenshots/player-matches-before.png) | ![After - Player Profile](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Juknum/csstats-plus/refs/heads/main/media/screenshots/player-matches-after.png) |
|:--------:|:-------:|
| Before | After |
